everything how to be an American happy
Memorial Day world a weirdo the ball
I go them all
you're chewing orange juice there you go
lightning out
turkey the place of business goes down
No
still pumping
funny story I tell this story about
for yesterday I was at a barbecue
and my friend's daughter she's really
funny she's kind of like a crazy weird
kid but I love her and we were playing a
nice game left right center and she went
to play
I was teaching her how to play I'm
starting teaching the kids out a day on
fearful because we didn't put money in
it
and she farted on my lap and I could
feel like the probably hair of my lap
but she didn't even move or make a
reaction when I told my friend next to
me and I was like laughing but try not
to make it obvious and then you could
smell it and she acted like nothing ever
happened Vanek tell her mom they're
often like Mike secretly tell ur mom
because I don't want a fair sir I think
it's pretty funny story i'm not a bit of
kids Barnaby and its car bomb is like
Barker just fart I'm Carly and choosing
like she got that she that she didn't
get back she's acting like she didn't
know what was going on then she decided
to switch spots and not not while lap
anymore
as you know
I just thought it was funny
I can sure that story Emily
Charles gambling
dice money the bugs out of my left all
right stunk mom and barrister
I told her mom I don't marry me yeah you
better to sentiments that I think su
just spotted a really cool car yeah
awesome so cool how do you feel about
that so much like this so at least
meeting it swept like the late Sen
result so he's got a one-game older I
have taken that is scary that's safe
come on man get down
Avery
ladies and gentlemen sears miss years
here in a long time
which their names over here
do it
Oh
it work it's too cold air I want this
hold your blanket you would like that i
would i would like oh I like this they
have all different one lookin spider-man
it's not remotely I don't care he needs
to come down look right Adam
why'd you kiss it f herpes not for sure
burps my groups right there for sure
okay where we at right now
fresco risk our school
who chose this place for dinner no she
is it's not true so there's grub on
roller skates oh I'll get him I'll get
him whipping around the strike 50
shuttle I did not want to be here should
be no
yes why
oh you go ahead
rolling around goodbye you get like
nervous it gets really nervous around
like girl she's wearing a score a shirt
a short little skirt I need a child in
our bed buckle under pressure nope
whose orders food and he like opens lost
track of what you see all right William
she's there in the background oh they
almost crash
I was a little dramatic but notice how
benefit seized a better place and their
blood donor
you can pretend like you eat it good do
it now lean over a little bit 30 maybe
oh wait I yep
they're big fuss I'm gonna do big pink
bus
pink truck yikes GN good night